I want a feature where my pool guys can know about their paychecks.
They should be able to see each time a pool is cleaned that their pay check increases by the labor rate.
If 15 per pool then the paycheck is 15 more dollars.

This requires
- prior pools are zeroed out with the prior paychecks
- Each pool assigned and completed is in an active state that needs to be paid.
    Maybe a paycheck_payments table. Each time a pool is completed then paycheck_payments
    table gets inserted a row with columns, serviceman, pay_rate, address_id, status
- Status column is pending or paid
-      - pending at time of completion
-      - paid at time of paycheck

Create a new page for paycheck with a link at the top for a serviceman user
- current paycheck total, service, completed repair, pending repair
- Pending repair - waiting on approval and completion
    - Admin user
        -
- Completed repair - waiting on completion of item - this is what will be paid.

When a task is entered by serviceman
- Creation - look at task_rate table
- This table will have columns

1. Task is entered in add task
    1. Admin user
        1. Selects Add Task
        2. Puts in description
        3. Add Quantity or leave 1 as default
        4. Repair - select repair or nothing - will be put down as a repair
        - NEW 5. Select the person to assign it to
        - NEW 6. Set the rate for the repair completion
            1. auto-populated if the rate is associated with the drop down from a rate table
            - NEW 2. Rate Table
                1. Columns -> associated scp_number, repair_name, estimated_hours
            - NEW 3. Calculated from (estimated_hours * env("service_rate")) * .7
            - NEW 4. If no entry in table then default is $40
        7. Hit add task
            1. Task is added to the Tasks table
            2. Based on assigned - paycheck_table will get an entry
            3. payments table
                1. columns - assigned, task_id, serviceman_pay_rate, status

2. If Task Assignment is changed
    1. change assigned in payments table
    2. change assigned in tasks table
3. If Task is deleted
    1. delete entry in tasks table
    2. delete entry in payments table



task/create
textbox - label - description
textbox - label - quantity
checkbox - todo - quantity
dropdown - person to service guy assign task to
dropdown - to assign to a different company
textbox - label - repair rate
button - cancel and go back
button - submit the task
button - cancel sending it to the other company - removes the selection

