I need to create functionality that charges for service fees. the issue is that I want to charge for trips that make sense
versus trips where it seems like the price for what I am charging for the trip and the thing to replace doesnt make the
product extraordinarily expensive. I think that I should have as much of my guys be able to diagnose and evaluate as possible
to avoid the service fee when I can.

Things that I will have to do to institute this policy
1. Send out a text detailing the issue or through email.
    - explain that the service fee will be applied to any jobs that they approve which would eliminate the service fee
    - explain that I will have my guys diagnose as much as possible to avoid the trip
    - maybe have some approval from customers to go out to the job
    - that we reserve the right to charge the card on file once job is done or job is denied and we charge for the trip
2. add this to a new customer terms of service


Functionality
1. Problem is reported by customer
    2. Ask whether they would like for us to check it out and then remind them of the service fee and the bill of it
        1. Yes
            - Create a task
            - Mark service call
            - Schedule
            - Go to job
            - Report cost of job
            - Wants us to fix it
                - yes, fix it
                    - Service fee applied to job or just not charged
                - no don't fix it
                    - Charge service fee
        2. No
            - dont do anything
2. Problem reported by service tech
    1. creates a task
    2. marks if a service call is needed
        1. texts customer of the issue
        2. asks customer if they would like for us to do a service call
            1. yes
                1. status - job has been created
                2. service fee is approved
                3. after service fee is approved
                    1. if job is approved - mark service fee as waived
                    2. if job denied or put job on hold -
                        1. create an invoice
                        2. charge card on file for service fee
            2. no
                1. status - job is denied
    3. service guy can mark service call is approved at task creation
        1. sets the service fee as approved
            1. status - job has been created
            2. service fee is approved
            3. after service fee is approved
                1. if job is approved - mark service fee as waived
                2. if job denied or put job on hold -
                    1. create an invoice
                    2. charge card on file for service fee
            4. if on hold
                1. charge for service fee
                2. job status - on hold
                3. if approve job - deduct service fee cost from job cost
    4. can mark task as approved at task creation
        1. waives the service call fee


